The FIND YOUR DATE site should have login page to allow the rastaurants ,hotels and cafe in kakamega to register their business so that the AI can suggest them to the people dating and also the people can schose from the list of them.
The hotels and restarant honers should see how many people have viewd there business and how many people are requesting for a place for a date. They should add the images and the conditions of the rastaurants and be able to preserve a seat for the lovers meeting they for a date.The people(Rastarant owners ) should be able to pay for them to use the site and for the AI to suggest the site for them.

The people dating should be able to book a seat in the any rastaurants and hotels and oder the best drinks they want and food.Then they should be able to have the location pinned sonthat they easily move to that place.This should take place in their dashboard.Once they have booked a seat there a notification will be given to the owner or the rastaurant that that they have done so ,so that they can start planning and prepare the place.
The peoples dahboard should show thy current date and allow them to terminate the dating via the site , of which when they do so the Data ,Date and record between him and the person will be deleted completly from the site and they wont be able to chat again .The dashboard should have evrything about the user.

The people shouldnt be able to share numbers via the site when they are chatting and try to send numbers like 0707605751 or +254707605751 0r 254707605751 the sytem will delete the massage automatically and show them that this content cant be shown  to the reciver,  and to the sender it should tell them sent under review.
The sytem should know the system for the phone numbers used in kenya and the africa at large ,and delete it to prevent the people or users from getting numbers and chating after there ,i want them to continue using the site always to talk to their date untill they physically meet.

The users the people looking for the perfect match should pay 20 KSH a month to continue using the site , and the restarants and the hotels should pay 2000 KSH a month from the time they first pay.


In the signup.htlm the users who want dates should be asked if they want to add a profile picture and if they dont want that they should not add one.

The site should discourage lebianism and homosexualities in the way that when you signup as a man the system will only show you ladies for yur perfect match and vice versa.Look for a way to make the people meet in the rastaurants for they dates so that the sytem earn money on the same.

The sytem should show the users the people they share most of the traits and characters together with eg it should show the image and the things they share in common.

The users should also update their dating status in they dashboard eg in a seriuos relationship , married ,single etc.

It should be a sytem that is religous to accomodate christians of all denominations ,muslims , budhists , indu etc and to respect there belives and religious laws. The sytem should handle this people differently based on their faith and doctrines .When the user registers or signup they should say their religion or other ,the user who say their religion is other should be handled by deafualt as an truit meaning they can fit nywhere ,when they change this in the future.
When they are christians they should be given christian qoutes about relationships to cheap them loyal to one another and to avoid fornication .The qoutes should Appear as floating buttons moving from bottom left to top left.

I want the site to be a good  modern AI powered dating site and more religious to coach the relationships to marriage.The user hould thus give their age during registration and the system should automatically calculate this to give best recommandations ,they should be seeing people best for the ,for example when the man is 25 he should only frequently see ladies 3 ,4 ,5  years younger to them .When lady she should see man 3 ,4,5 years older than them ,the users should be able to change the age in the their dashboard .The only thing they cant cant is sex or gender.The sytem also dont want trans gender.

The users should also be able to say the kind of drink they like and food ,this will be given to the man by the AI  so that they request for this prior from the hotel.The users should give they familly history in the dahboard so that the sytem avoids people who are blood related from dating ,the sytem should be given the father name ,mother ,sibblings and grandfather from the father side.

The system should have an AI that the people who dont want to date real people can date to keep them busy it should be flirty but dont have sexual contents and charts.It should be encouraging and motivating as a real girlfriend should be.The users can change whether to chat and date a real Person or AI. When they choose AI the sytem will block and not show them the people profiles and matches.

The system should also give them a red alert tasking if they are still dating with the person they started dating with 1 month ago ,name the other person with name .This is a production development.They will have choices like check box to choose with , eg dating ,not dating , married the AI will then use the data to get accurate knowing that the people with such traits are like to date to marrige after 1 month ,stop dating or marry after 1 month.The AI will then use the data to suggest the people with bio and characters and hobbies that are likely to be successfull in their marrige.Marrige is the target .Even though the people can limit the AI in the dahsboard by reducing access to some data for privacy .If they dont do so the AI will work seamlessly well.

The AI should make this system FIND YOUR MATCH professionall and acccurate with 100% accuracy.The Algorithmn should work more that facebook  , X and linkend but still retain its light may and better .The AI should watch there chats and see the abisive ,angry and words that encourage hatred and muder and report the people To the admin in the admin dashboard to prevent and eradicte suicide.Offlate we have been having cases of students killing other students because of love ,them dating the same person and also students committing suicide because of love .I want the sytem to prevent this by noticing such texts ,reporting and tying t cancell the people ,when they had a bad argumant today the next time the two people gets on the chat again the AI will chat them and tell them that is AI chatting telling them to watch their words to avoid loosing or hurting the other partner and that love cares giving , goood love qoutes.
When they replay the AI will use that one to get accurate and much smarte in dealing with them.